[16.0][ADD] self-service weighing station modules (#1397)
OCA/pos: base_pos_self_service_weighing/README.rst

   !! source digest: sha256:1c56a6baa305179585da791072c558ec8de7230f6c6ff521321556821ddb607d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpos-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/pos/tree/16.0/base_pos_self_service_weighing
    :alt: OCA/pos
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/pos-16-0/pos-16-0-base_pos_self_service_weighing
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/pos&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Base module to configure a PoS as a self-service weighing station.

> This module allows to configure a PoS to be a self-service weighing station, where customers can weigh things by themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows to configure a PoS to be a self-service weighing station, where customers can see the weight of the products (or the tare of containers) they place.
See optional combination with pos_self_service_weighing_print_zpl to print a barcode sticker encoding that weight for later reading it in the actual PoS.
```

Author: while potentially useful, that is a use-case that wasn’t thought about. this module on its own doesn’t provide a logical feature set: it will always display a “print” button, but clicking it would have no effect, which would be confusing. most weighing scales have a display displaying the weight, so setting up a computer just for this doesn’t seem likely.

about the second line, the text below already references the other useful modules. installing these directly will install this one.

As a base module, this covers primarily the welcome screen and some common functionalities, but is not usable on its own.
See these modules instead:

* ``pos_self_service_weighing_product``
* ``pos_self_service_weighing_tare``
* ``pos_self_service_weighing_print_zpl``

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Setup the self-service weighing station
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1. Create a new PoS
2. Enable "Is a Self-Service Weighing Station"
3. Setup hardware proxy

   * Enable electronic scale
4. Enable barcode reader and its nomenclature

> 

Reviewer: It's not clear why one would need here a barcode reader? shouldn't it say here rather the optional barcode printer of the pos_self_service_weighing_print_zpl?

Author: indeed, this seems like a leftover from the modules in 12.0, where the barcode reader needed to be enabled for the barcode nomenclature to be recognized. in 16.0, it seems to be always enabled.
